# State of the Thunix - September 2019

Hello Thunixers!

Another month, and more users on board!

Not too much has been going on as of late, due to time constraints for
the admin team here, as well as just a low-volume of requests.  Likely
due to a few things, mainly, it's summer for most of our users, and
well, Thunix has most services folks need.  So, if it ain't broke, don't
fix it 

The biggest change has been the addition of our wiki, which has some
good documentation there already.  If there's a document you want to see
there, add it with a PR, or ask someone to write it up for you.  It's
not particularly difficult, it's just Markdown.

In the roadmap for the next few months will be a hardware upgrade, but
we really need your help for this.  In order to migrate to new hardware,
and in the long term, reduce monthly costs, we will need to pay for two
servers for one month.  So, I'm letting you know now, all donations
coming in now will be funneled into the "Hardware upgrade bucket".  It's
not a very high cost, we're looking at something around 30â‚¬ total for
this, maybe a euro or two more.  This is ~$32US.  So, if you can donate,
this is the time to do it.  To date, we've received a total of $12US in
donations, which has gone towards current server leasing costs (Total of
$9US after fees, and I spent 1USD on coffee lol).  I would like to have
the hardware upgrade done by December, if possible.

All that being said:  I want to make sure nobody is feeling pressured to
donate.  If you can donate, great!  If not, that's cool too!  We still
welcome you to be a part of this community!

Also, if there is anything you'd like to see offered as a service, let
us know!  If it's doable, we'll do it.  At worst, we'll say "No", but
also let you know why we can't.  Most of the time, we say "Yes" though 

So, here's to another month, and many more!

Ubergeek/ub3g33k


